Alarms when using Microservice API version 1 (#330)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18-0/announcements-10-18-0.md

When using the Cumulocity IoT Microservice SDK for developing microservices, ensure to configure a Java version which is cgroup v2 aware when building your microservice. When using Java 8, ensure to use openjdk8u372 or higher. When using Java 11, use Java 11.0.16 or higher, or use Java 15 or higher.
When using a server runtime other than OpenJDK Java as microservice application runtime, refer to the documentation of the provider.

##### Alarms when using Microservice API version 1

> With the [release 10.15](/release-10-15-0/announcements-10-15-0), Software AG announced the availability of the Microservice API version 2 and the deprecation of Microservice API version 1 to comply with new security requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [release 10.15](/release-10-15-0/announcements-10-15-0), we announced the availability of the Microservice API version 2 and the deprecation of Microservice API version 1 to comply with new security requirements.
```

> By default, microservices using API version 1 still work in version 10.18. However in Cumulocity IoT versions after 10.18 it may happen that an alarm will be created to indicate that there exists the particular danger that attempts to deploy such a microservice might fail in the future because of this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, microservices using API version 1 still work in release 10.18. However, in Cumulocity IoT versions after 10.18 a warning might show up indicating that attempts to deploy such a microservice might fail in the future.
```
